{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25940\viewh19200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Figure~\{\\urlh\{#fig_Integrated_Architecture_Integrated_Figure\}\{48\}\} shows a diagram of the human brain overlaid with a simplified architectural drawing. The box shapes represent abstract systems and the oval and triangular shapes represent anatomical features for which we can supply computational models. For example, the box labeled GW represents the global workspace which performs particular function in the architecture, but actually spans a good portion of the neocortex. Whereas the triangle labeled BG represents a group of subcortical nuclei called the basal ganglia situated at the base of the forebrain.\
\
The box labeled AST represents a form of sensory input corresponding to the ingestion of abstract syntax trees representing code fragments. The oval labeled SMS represents semantic memory and the box labeled DNC corresponds to a differentiable neural computer. When the system ingests a new program fragment the resulting AST is encoded in the SMS as an embedding vector and simultaneously as a set of key-value pairs in the DNC. Here we think of the DNC as a body part or external prosthesis with corresponding maps in the somatosensory and motor cortex that enable reading and writing respectively.\
\
Our explanation of the architecture proceeds top down, as it were, with a discussion of executive function in the prefrontal cortex. The GWS provides two-way connection between structures in the prefrontal cortex and homologous structures of a roughly semantic character throughout the rest of neocortex thereby enabling the PFC to listen in on diverse circuits in the neocortex and select a subset of such circuits for attention. Stanislas Dehaene describes this process as the function of consciousness, but we need not commit ourselves to such interpretation here.\
\
Not only does the PFC selectively activate circuits but it can also maintain the activity such circuits indefinitely as constituents of working memory. Since this capability is limited by the capacity of the PFC, the content of working memory is limited and adding new constituents may curtail the activation of existing constituents. In practice, we intend to model this capability using meta-reinforcement learning (MRL) in which the MRL system relies on the GWS network to sample, evaluate and select constitute circuits guided by a suitable prior~\\cite\{BengioCoRR-17\} and past experience and then maintain their activity by a combination of memory networks~\\cite\{WestonetalCoRR-14\} and fast weights~\\cite\{BaetalCoRR-16\}. \
\
%%% Saved as Integrated_Architecture_Explanatory_Description_05-19-18.6:42AM.rtf\
\
\
\
\
}